Hi guys, Korean Movie Recapped here. Before we
start, WARNING! Spoilers Ahead! Today, I’m going
to recap a 2021 Korean Sci-Fi Action movie, called
Space Sweepers. This movie tells the story of a
future where Earth is inhabitable due to pollution
and a Space Company monopolizes the economy.
The Company seeks to destroy Earth and build a
colony on Mars to further rule over humanity.
So, how bad are their actions? Will they complete
their mission to destroy Earth? Let’s find it out.
In 2092, Earth is no longer habitable
due to acid rain from pollution.
5% of humanity are wealthy people who can afford
to live in Eden, a paradise in outer space made by
UTS. The remaining 95% either remain on Earth’s
surface, or in outer space structures (Orbit).
Space Sweepers risk their lives to collect
space debris and sell it as materials or parts.
They usually have their own turf in collecting
debris, but sometimes also compete in salvaging
the materials. A team is the champion among
Space Sweepers. With Jang as the captain,
Kim with his piloting skill, Park the engineer,
Bubs the military robot, and their heavily
modified vessel called Victory, they easily
snatch a cargo from other crews and get away.
However, they crashed into one of UTS’s
antennas. When they try to sell the cargo,
they find that they need to pay a
bigger fine due to the incident.
Frustrated by their debts, they salvage the cargo
to look for more materials. While they are trying
to dismantle the cargo, the airlock opens
and they find a little Girl in a space suit.
They take the Girl back to their ship in hope that
they can ask for a reward from the Girl’s parents.
While they are discussing their plan, news comes
up. It is reported that a terrorist organization
called Black Fox, an anti UTS organization, has
made a weaponized android with a hydrogen bomb.
The android is now missing and is searched
by UTS. Surprised to see that the mentioned
android is actually the Girl, they scramble and
try to come up with a plan to get rid of her.
Kim searches through her belongings and
finds a phone with many miss-calls from Kang,
and a report indicating that Kang is an engineer.
The crew decides to call Kang to get a ransom of
$2 million. They agree to meet at a club, but
unaware that UTS’ Founder has tapped the call.
When they arrive on the agreed
time, the Space Guards sent by UTS
interrupt the exchange. The Space Guards try
to kill the crew but are saved by the Girl.
The crew escapes with the Girl aboard their
ship and discusses what they’ll have to do next.
The Girl stays and starts to bond with them.
Captain Jang is also touched by the Girl’s
drawing of their portraits. Jang notices that a
near-dead tomato plant has mysteriously sprouted
and bears fruits. Back in UTS, the Founder
reveals that they are going to terraform Mars
to a habitable planet and colonize it with
the Super Plant as the anchor. Meanwhile,
the crew tries to repair their ship but are low
on cash. Kim and the Girl get an idea to sell
tomatoes from the plant to raise money, and end up
having enough money for the repair. Bubs reveals
to the Girl that Kim used to be a Space Guard
and lived in Eden. During one of his missions,
he saved a baby girl from an illegal personal ship
and raised her. As he grew more compassionate,
he couldn’t follow cold-hearted orders anymore
and was kicked out of Eden. Desperate with their
living, he fell into drinking and gambling.
There was a disaster that made his Child got
blown up to space. Kim has been focusing all
his money and time to recover his Child’s body.
The crew receives another call from Kang to do
a second exchange. Kim tells them that he wants
to continue with the plan, but Park rejects
it because he doesn’t trust Kang to take care
of the Girl. While they are discussing their next
step, the Girl got kidnapped by the Black Fox. The
crew chases the culprit and finally tracks them
down. Kim and Park are cornered by the Black Fox
but manage to fight back. On the ship, they are
surprised to see that the culprit is actually one
of their acquaintances. They explained that Black
Fox is actually an environmentalist group trying
to fight UTS and save the Earth. They also explain
that the Girl was actually an ordinary child.
However, she was born with an incurable disease
that attacked her nerves. As a last resort, Kang,
the Girl’s father, injected her with nanobots. The
nanobots bonded with her body and cured her. In
addition, she also has the ability to communicate
with other nanobots to restructure living material
and restore the Earth’s life. The Founder used her
ability to grow the Super Plant and colonize Mars.
However, after completing the Plant, he tries to
destroy all of the evidence, including the Girl.
Since the Girl has the nanobots’ protection,
she can only be killed with a hydrogen bomb.
The Founder plans to trap the Girl inside
a factory and detonate the bomb there.
The large debris will crash into
Earth and kill three billion people,
with the Black Fox to be blamed.
The meeting ends abruptly when Space
Guards arrive. They try to escape but are chased
by the Guards. They are able to fly away but
trapped inside the indestructible Lagrangian
nanobots’ territory. The nanobots quickly
engulfs and eats Victory, but the Girl uses
her power to dispel them before she passes out.
When they are freed of the nanobots, they find
that they have been flagged as Black Fox’s allies.
Their background is also revealed. Captain Jang
used to be a member of the UTS genius program but
joined the anti-UTS group. She almost assassinated
the Founder in the past. Park used to be a drug
cartel boss who had been escaping execution. He
used his money to help a lot of children in need.
Kim used to be a prodigy among the Space Guards,
became a commander at a record-breaking young age.
The Black Fox calls the crew and asks to meet
them and Kang in an abandoned Orbit block.
The mentioned Orbit block is actually the place
where Kim lost his Child during the accident.
Victory makes its way to the block and the
crew meets Kang and the Black Fox there.
The Girl and her father finally unite but are
disrupted by the Space Guards once more. The
Space Guards use EMP that shuts down the ship’s
system. The Guards kill Kang and the Black Foxes,
and kidnap the Girl. The Founder also gives the
crew $4 million for handing the Girl over to them.
The Guards leave the ship but watch over Victory
to kill them once the bomb has been detonated.
The crew argues once more to save the Girl.
Kim leaves them with his cut to look for his
Child’s body that has been floating in space for
years. Before handing over the money, he comes to
his senses and decides to save the Girl. Kim comes
back to the ship and takes over the steer. Captain
Jang and Bubs are ready to attack the pursuing
Space Guards, and Park readies the engine for
maximum output. The crew manages to get away
and comes to the factory where the Girl and the
bomb are kept. They find out that the bomb will
emit Krypton waves that kill nanobots in a 5,000
kilometers radius upon detonating. Determined
to save the Girl, they plan to fly as fast as
they can before the bomb goes off, even though
the factory debris will still fall into Earth.
Upon leaving the factory, they are confronted
by tons of Space Guards. Captain Jang uses the
emergency channel to call their fellow Space
Sweepers to save the Earth together. Pierre,
a man who likes Captain Jang, arrives early but is
quickly left behind. The Space Sweepers confront
the Space Guards with their ship, by grappling
and dismantling them. They cover Victory’s
track to make sure no Guard follows them and
let them get outside the bomb’s wave radius.
Captain Jang also secretly broadcasts the Founder’
true intention of destroying Earth to monopolize
the economy on Mars. When they are about to leave
the wave radius to save the Girl, the Founder
latches his ship onto Victory. The Founder tears
the ship’s cargo to kill the Girl, but he finds
the hydrogen bomb instead. Turns out, the Girl
has been transported safely to Pierre’s ship and
the Victory crew plans to sacrifice themselves in
saving the Girl and the Earth. The hydrogen bomb
explodes taking Victory and the Founder down.
When the explosion clears, everyone finds that
Victory is protected by the indestructible
Lagrangian nanobots commanded by the Girl.
Due to UTS’ hidden motives, UTS pledges to
repair the Earth’s environment and supports
the crew’s repair. Kim reconciles with
his Child through the Girl as the medium.
Bubs buys herself a new human skin. In the end,
we are shown that the Earth is much greener with
the help of the Girl and UTS. The Victory
crew continues their job as Space Sweepers,
debt-free, with an upgraded ship, and
the Girl as their additional member.
Subscribe to watch more videos like this,
turn on notifications, and leave a like
and comment to help the channel out. Thank
you for watching, and see you, next time.